	My hypothesis was that there is a correlation between the number of trees and motor vehicle collisions in a given area of New York City. The data sources I used to explore this hypothesis were the 2015 New York City Tree Census data and the data located in the NYC_Collision directory located in /data/raw. Both data sources include latitude and longitude coordinates for each record but had some missing data points in the borough and neighborhood fields, so I chose to use the coordinates and calculate my own quadrants within New York City so as to represent more of the data provided accurately. 

	I first used Python Spark to go through the entire NYCcollisions.gz file and extract the latitude and longitude coordinates for each record, sending it to a file for later usage, and then did the same thing for the TreeCensus.tsv data, sending it to a separate file. Using those files, I then used regular Python to create standardized quadrant sizes by dividing every latitude and longitude point, respectively, by .005, creating a grid of cells. I created two dictionaries (one for the tree data and one for the crash data) in order to tally up how many points were in each quadrant. I then went through each key of the tree tally dictionary and checked if it was also in the crash tally dictionary. If the key was present in both, I printed out the data in the following format: “key:treeTally,crashTally” and sent that to a tally file. Using that tally file and regular Python, I plotted the tally data. The x-axis represents the number of trees, and the y-axis represents the number of collisions; each point on the graph represents a quadrant where there was both at least one tree and collision. I took the log of the tree and collision numbers in order to make the graph more readable. Finally, I generated a line of best fit for the plot to check if there was any sort of linear correlation in the data. 

	After plotting the data, it was clear that there was no correlation. The line of best fit doesn’t actually encompass most of the data points, which are mostly clustered towards the top right of the graph. This means that a large number of the quadrants had high numbers of both trees and motor vehicle collisions, but there are a lot of outliers that would interfere with any definitive conclusions. Even if there was a correlation between the presence of trees and car crashes, there would be no direct way to infer causation. 
